All right.
So moment of truth.
We're now going to make another change on our debt branch.
We're going to push it up to GitHub and expect to see all the tests inside of our service being ran
in parallel.
So in this case, I'm going to open up my order service.
I'll open up the index file, and at the very top of my start function, I'll add in a console log of
starting.
So that is the change that I want to add in to my polar request that I still have running.
So I'm going to save the file.
Close it out.
I'm going to go backward to my terminal.
I'm going to check out my dev branch because remember, I want to make this change on the dev branch.
So get check out Dev.
I'm going to add that change.
I'll do a get status just to make sure I successfully added it.
Yep.
Looks like I got it on there.
Commit it, and I'll give this one a message as something like Add startup message to order service.
And then I will push that to Origin Dev.
All right.
So we should now be able to flip back over to that pull request we had created and see all these different
workflows running at the same time.
I'll go to my pull request tab.
I'll go to added startup message.
And now if I go down to latest commits, I'll see all four workflows running in parallel.
Now, just so you know, I've noticed that the very first time that you run or add in a workflow, sometimes
GitHub doesn't really want to process it right away.
So if you just sit here and wait for a while and don't see any progress being made or if some of the
or one of these is just stuck in a this check has started or something like that state for 5 minutes
or so, then you can always click on details.
We can cancel workflow on the right hand side and then make another change to your local repository
on the dev branch.
Push it back up and let these things run again.
Again, you only have to do that if it looks like everything has stalled out for about 5 minutes or
so.
Okay.
So it looks like my orders tests have passed successfully and I can easily click around, take a look
at the auth tests.
Looks like those are still running.
I can take a look at the payments tests.
Yep.
Looks like those are running as well, but also looks like some of them are starting to be resolved.
So I'm going to go back to my polar request itself.
Here's the pull request.
And I'll just wait here.
And after a minute or two, after all the tests run.
Yep.
Looks like we're good to go.
So I've now ran all the different tests across all of my different services.
They ran rather quickly because they all ran in parallel.
And now I can safely merge this pilot request in because I'm pretty confident that, hey, I've made
some changes and I have not broken anything inside my application.
Okay, so this looks good.
And we've now taken care of this workflow all the way up to the point where.
We have all of our test passing now.
In theory, if we merge this PR into the master branch, we want to somehow take this updated master
branch and somehow deploy these changes.
That's going be the next big thing we start to work on actually deploying our code after merging IPR
into the master branch.